docs: ot2 installation and relocation (#19696)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/ot-2/docs/installation/requirements.md

---
title: "Opentrons OT-2: Installation Requirements"
---

Before setting up an OT-2, make sure that your installation site meets the requirements described in this section. And, follow all of the safety guidance here and throughout the installation instructions.

## Placement

- **Weight bearing:** The OT-2 weighs 42 kg (93 lbs). Place the robot on a surface that can support its weight plus the weight of any modules, labware, liquids, or other lab equipment that may be used in your work.

> - **Bench surface:** A good workspace is stationary, sturdy, level, and liquid-resistant. Tables or benches with wheels (even locking wheels) are not recommended. OT-2 gantry movements can shake light weight or moveable tables.

Reviewer: This language was written for Flex, so it's conservative (but not bad) to apply it to OT-2.

title: "Opentrons OT-2: Installation Requirements"
---

Before setting up an OT-2, make sure that your installation site meets the requirements described in this section. Also, follow all of the safety guidance here and throughout the installation instructions.

## Placement

- **Weight bearing:** The OT-2 weighs 42 kg (93 lbs). Place the robot on a surface that can support its weight plus the weight of any modules, labware, liquids, or other lab equipment that may be used in your work.

> - **Bench surface:** A good workspace is stationary, sturdy, level, and liquid-resistant. Tables or benches with wheels (even locking wheels) are not recommended. OT-2 gantry movements can shake light weight or moveable tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bench surface:** A good workspace is stationary, sturdy, level, and liquid-resistant. Tables or benches with wheels (even locking wheels) are not recommended. OT-2 gantry movements can shake lightweight or moveable tables.
```
